OverrideAudit is the missing tool for working with and managing your
package overrides in Sublime Text 3. From simply helping you remember
what files you've overridden to warning you of potential problems,
OverrideAudit has you covered.

   +------------------------------------------------------------+
   | NOTE                                                       |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+
   | This is the last of the 1.x versions of OverrideAudit. If  |
   | you're seeing this text, you're using an older build of    |
   | Sublime Text 3. Newer versions of Sublime Text have access |
   | to newer builds of OverrideAudit. If possible, you should  |
   | upgrade your version of Sublime Text 3.                    |
   +------------------------------------------------------------+

Quick Start
-----------

All commands are available in the command palette or in the menu under
OverrideAudit. OverrideAudit also makes heavy use of context sensitive
commands; try Right Clicking (Control+Click on MacOS) on the names of
Packages, Override files, and inside of views to see what options are
available.

To get started, try viewing a Package Report to get a sense of the
packages you have installed. If you see any packages in the report
that have more than one of the [S], [I] or [U] marks at the same time,
context click on its name and diff it to see if you have any overrides
and what they are.

See the README for more information on all of the commands and
configuration options available. You can find a command to view it in
the command palette.

What's this "Expired Override Report" thing?
--------------------------------------------

In the immortal words of Douglas Adams, "Don't Panic!".

One of the core features of OverrideAudit is the ability to tell you
when a package author has updated a package file that you have
overridden, so you can tell if you need to incorporate any changes.

One of these checks is performed every time you upgrade Sublime Text
or a package. If you're seeing one of those reports right now, it
means that this has already happened to you and you didn't know about
it.

Using the tools that OverrideAudit provides, you can get a better
picture of what's happened so you can resolve the issue quickly and
easily.

Having Problems?
----------------

If you encounter any problems with OverrideAudit, or think that it can
be improved to make your work easier, please log an issue with the
OverrideAudit issue tracker:

    https://github.com/OdatNurd/OverrideAudit

Get in Touch
------------

OverrideAudit is developed by Terence Martin, a.k.a @OdatNurd on
twitter and the official Sublime Text forum. Please feel free to ping
me with any comments and thoughts!
